README.md, before:

# [AxisComposer](http://www.axisthemes.com/axiscomposer/) [![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.png)](http://gruntjs.com/) [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/axisthemes/axiscomposer.svg?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/axisthemes/axiscomposer) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/axisthemes/axiscomposer/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/axisthemes/axiscomposer?branch=master)

Welcome to the AxisComposer repository on GitHub. Here you can browse the source, look at open issues and keep track of development. We recommend all developers to follow the [AxisComposer development blog](https://axiscomposer.wordpress.com/) to stay up to date about everything happening in the project. You can also [follow @AxisThemes](https://twitter.com/AxisThemes) on Twitter for the latest development updates from AxisThemes Network.

If you are not a developer, please use the [AxisComposer plugin page](http://wordpress.org/plugins/axiscomposer/) on WordPress.org.

## Documentation
* [AxisComposer Documentation](http://docs.axisthemes.com/documentation/plugins/axiscomposer/)
* [AxisComposer Code Reference](http://docs.axisthemes.com/ac-apidocs/)

## Support
This repository is not suitable for support. Please don't use our issue tracker for support requests, but for core AxisComposer issues only. Support can take place in the appropriate channels:

* The [AxisComposer premium support portal](http://support.axisthemes.com/) for customers who have purchased themes or extensions.
* [Our community forum on wp.org](https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/axiscomposer) which is available for all AxisComposer users.

Support requests in issues on this repository will be closed on sight.

## Contributing to AxisComposer
If you have a patch, or stumbled upon an issue with AxisComposer core, you can contribute this back to the code. Please read our [contributor guidelines](https://github.com/axisthemes/axiscomposer/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information how you can do this.

If you have an idea for AxisComposer, see the [Roadmap Trello board](https://trello.com/b/dKOmRjHk/axiscomposer-roadmap).

Commit message:

This plugin is in alpha version, use at your own risk

README.md, after:

# [AxisComposer](http://www.axisthemes.com/axiscomposer/) [![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.png)](http://gruntjs.com/) [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/axisthemes/axiscomposer.svg?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/axisthemes/axiscomposer) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/axisthemes/axiscomposer/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/axisthemes/axiscomposer?branch=master)

> This plugin is in alpha version and may still contain bugs/defects. Use at your own risk.

Welcome to the AxisComposer repository on GitHub. Here you can browse the source, look at open issues and keep track of development. We recommend all developers to follow the [AxisComposer development blog](https://axiscomposer.wordpress.com/) to stay up to date about everything happening in the project. You can also [follow @AxisThemes](https://twitter.com/AxisThemes) on Twitter for the latest development updates from AxisThemes Network.

If you are not a developer, please use the [AxisComposer plugin page](http://wordpress.org/plugins/axiscomposer/) on WordPress.org.

## Documentation
* [AxisComposer Documentation](http://docs.axisthemes.com/documentation/plugins/axiscomposer/)
* [AxisComposer Code Reference](http://docs.axisthemes.com/ac-apidocs/)

## Support
This repository is not suitable for support. Please don't use our issue tracker for support requests, but for core AxisComposer issues only. Support can take place in the appropriate channels:

* The [AxisComposer premium support portal](http://support.axisthemes.com/) for customers who have purchased themes or extensions.
* [Our community forum on wp.org](https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/axiscomposer) which is available for all AxisComposer users.

Support requests in issues on this repository will be closed on sight.

## Contributing to AxisComposer
If you have a patch, or stumbled upon an issue with AxisComposer core, you can contribute this back to the code. Please read our [contributor guidelines](https://github.com/axisthemes/axiscomposer/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information how you can do this.

If you have an idea for AxisComposer, see the [Roadmap Trello board](https://trello.com/b/dKOmRjHk/axiscomposer-roadmap).
